welcome back everybody to another jetty
far cry 4 thing we are going to find a
Yeti now I know what you're thinking
tomato then you already five no I wasn't
that Yeti had to forget that was not a
Yeti that was Mickey Rourke alright and
I was thinking to myself would I really
be a good Merkin Patriot if I didn't go
out of my way to fucking murder anything
that I didn't understand perfectly and
then it came to me I have to fucking
murder every last goddamn Yeti in this
map Russ I'll never be satisfied with my
American heritage so we're just gonna
kill him all fuck it who cares they're
all gonna die anyways so ladies and
gentlemen were on a Yeti hunt yeah
there's yetis on this trail I could tell
they be
maybe fucking up some money over there
and over there okay so we got an
abundance of option hello God friend I
want to be your friend
what's this dead thing they're smart up
the path find around this it's a Yeti
they led me to my target stupid wolves I
mean you saw it had a purpose but still
continued really stupid wolves pop a bit
of delayed reaction no he's running fuck
fucking god damn Yeti I got my set on
you I know where you live I'm a mountain
somewhere on this nondescript
mountaintop I know where I know what you
sort of generally like to hang out
where'd he go
go seriously where'd he go I have I had
him targeted and now he's gone he's a
fucking ghost Yeti he's gone where are
you
come on was his head what the thought I
heard Yeti I know it wasn't Yeti okay we
need to reverse faster we need to
fucking reverse reverse reverse reverse
reverse so I'm what my plan is right now
is is it forget fucking Rock where is he
fucking are dead all right
no this is too loud it's too loud we'll
have to go by foot from here I think
we're gonna go a little bit further on
our vehicle from the air you know just
being just be smart yeah yeah that's a
good idea we're not done all right
fantastic let's please for the love of
God please I just got here I just got
here guys
look at that plump buttocks oh I want to
cut that off and mount it on my wall I
was investigating shit on the ground
it's just like me us humans and yetis
could get along if we tried now it's
murder it's because I don't understand
that just get it closer I wanna make
sure this actually hits him gonna kill
him maybe the harpoon this is adorable
you can't kill me but I can kill you you
stupid yet oh nice one you lift it you
stupid Yeti no one expected you to
succeed in life anyway so it's not like
you're letting anyone down cuz I like
your dad's gonna be disappointed in you
everyone hated you from start I have
infinite bandages it doesn't matter what
you do to me
nice aim how far away were you like two
feet you can't kill me now if he killed
me I literally lose my shit where's that
Yeti oh my fucking god well we're just
gonna keep on flying we're just gonna go
which is kind of fuck off I know and I'm
never gonna go for it in this round
we'll just do another take
we'll do another take it doesn't sound
good okay we're getting ready fancy now
we're just gonna ride a little bit
faster I was gonna use that me as I was
really bad I was died how I mean now I
can't
oh my god no he has killed me me all the
way down a mountain no we're not we're
not giving up until we kill this stupid
Yeti he's all gonna do my PG out dodge
this motherfucker he dodged it well
alright then dodge this in the fucker
he didn't dodge that but he's going
pretty fast are you fucking nuts how am
I supposed to kill that thing they just
fucking shrugged off an RPG what will
you do now
you stupid Yeti come on I'm ready for
you this time
ow okay Yeti die I don't give a damn if
you had a family you have some kids
that's of kissing you loved shut up stop
screaming stupid Yeti that's right uncle
tomato's gonna sing your lap now you
stupid Yeti bastard let me in on this
shit yes and now I will wear it like a
coat oh come on it was another fucking
ghost Yeti it was a ghost Yeti although
it wasn't even real there's no point in
living when you fucking realize that
everything you've ever worked towards
for the last approximately hour has been
a total fucking fantasy yetis aren't
real they said maybe I should have guys
checked out by a doctor first
hey thank you so much for watching this
video if you enjoyed it make sure to
check out my video right there the last
one I made it while you're also at it
I mean I'm getting rid of the featured
thing no one cared about what I was
featuring like that all they really care
about is what I'm watching now that
means youtubers i watch a channel that i
think you guys should go and check out
instead of mine that sort of stuff go
down there person that's down there
right now is probably tier of grace he
makes awesome content you guys should go
and check them out trust me it's really
cool stuff it puts a lot of time into it
you should go there and stop wasting
time of my outro by the way this is a
clip after this so waste your time for
like another approximately 30 seconds or
so and then fuck off and go and watch
one of his videos preferably that one
that i left in the annotation right
there go and do that okay bye what the
hell you don't fit in a fucking arctic
environment you stupid fox thing we need
to put it down so this place fits its
scenery filthy filthy no-good fox thing
okay you're pissing me off
maybe you should have tried harder to
fit in with the other foxes Rudolph
maybe then they'd let you in on all the
fucking frolicking huh if I saw Rudolph
out here I'd kill him too if that makes
you feel any better okay moving on keppa
get the hell out of here I just murdered
a fox those things are probably
endangered